Attack Pattern Extraction (#15768)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMitreAttackv2/ReleaseNotes/1_0_8.md

#### Integrations
##### MITRE ATT&CK Feed v2

> - Fixed an issue where **mitre-get-indicator-name** command doesn't handle properly a list of Attack Pattern ID's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **mitre-get-indicator-name** command didn't handle lists of Attack Pattern IDs.
```
